1.Constractor name & class name must be always same.It can't return type or void.
2.Can not Initialization to the another class for Private variable .It can be possible when only use the method of Friend Class.
3.Use to Encapsulation or (Setvalue & Getvalue function) Declarted Private variable Main function to the class.
4.There are two kind of Plymorphism , These - (i) Overlodding (ii) Overridding
i) Overlodding means it work in the only one class. It is Function name must be same but peramitter list always diffreance. 
ii) Overriding means- It work in more then one class. It is Function name and perametter list must be always same.
5.Destractor & Constractor approximately same but it has only one diffreance this is use the ~ sign in the font side of the constractor.
6.Get String input in the C++ language use to getline() function.
7.when use to File in the c++ meddle level language then must be declared <fstream> hedder file.
8.For Read from the File must be use ifstream keyword.
9.For Write in the File must be use ofstream keyword.
10.For apparend in the file use to this method (ios::out|ios::app).
11.There are five kinds of Inheritance these- 
					  i) Single Inheritance.Ex-one supper class and one sub class.
					 ii) Multilevel Inhetitance.Ex-supper class to sup class to new supper to new sub class. 
					iii) Hyrarchical Inheritance.Ex-One Supper class and more then one Sub class.
					 iv) Multiple Inheritance.Ex-More then one Supper class and only one sub class.
					  v) Hybrite Inheritance.Ex-Mixed more then one Inheritance.
12.abstrator class or pure class must be use this method (public: void 'function name'()=0).This class can't declared object must be use pointer (*p).
13.When use the showpoint,noshowpoint,fixed,setprecision() library function must be include <iomanip> header file in c++ language. 
14.Can't Copy Constructor to the another class for plymorphism. It can be solve use this method-
				subclass name(int dim1,int dim2)
				:super class name(dim1,dim2)
				{

				}

15.Constant variable of class when do't directly initialize then use this method-
							int variable1,variable2;
							constructor/Function name(int variable name 1,int variable name 2)
							:variable1(variable name 1),variable2(variable name 2)
							{
									
							}
							